[General]
TipCount=11
Tip1="Sheep should build near the middle of the pen. While it may feel more dangerous, sheep gain more gold the closer they are to the center, and are in a better position to help allies and rescue captured sheep. Sheep should build on the same 'grid' of farms, which is hinted at in the terrain art. A solo sheep is a dead sheep!"
Tip2="A wolf should guard the pen to prevent sheep from rescuing their allies. The win condition for wolves is to capture all the sheep before the timer runs out. If the sheep are allowed free rein to rescue their captured allies, wolves won't be able to win. When there are no dead sheep, at least one wolf should be positioned so that if a sheep dies, a wolf can make it to the pen and guard the sheep spirit before any other sheep can rescue it."
Tip3="All sheep should have at least one wolf chasing them. If no wolves are after you, they are likely chasing your ally, who will probably die from the focus. You should try to help your ally by either forcing a wolf to return to the middle by threatening an instant rescue or by pulling a wolf off the focused sheep by connecting the mass of farms to the focused sheep's area. Sheep should aim to have more than one but less than three wolves chasing them."
Tip4="Wolves should work together to focus down individual sheep. While keeping at least one wolf in reserve to prevent rescues, the wolves should cut masses of farms into pieces to isolate the sheep. Once a sheep is isolated, wolves must cut towards it while preventing the sheep from escaping back into the main farm area. Wolves can use mirror images to harass sheep trying to expand or escape, but should hold the line to stop the isolated sheep from returning to safety."
Tip5="Wolves earn gold steadily throughout the game, but items are fairly expensive. To purchase expensive items early, it's recommended to pool gold to individual wolves. This can easily be done using the 'Give Ally Gold' ability, with the hotkey 'G'. Pooling gold allows wolves to buy items much faster than they otherwise would. Targeted pooling can also help transfer gold to the lead wolf in a chase or to a wolf guarding the pen. First, select the wolf you want to give gold to, then use the 'Give Ally Gold' ability. It's important to spend gold as you earn it, as hoarding gold has significant opportunity costs."
Tip6="Sheep should spend their gold regularly. Upgraded Farms help strengthen a farm mass by preventing easy cut lines. Aura Farms can be used in larger masses to slow down wolves trying to cut through."
Tip7="Like wolves, sheep can transfer gold. This can be helpful to get an Aura Farm up early, but it's generally recommended that each sheep keep some gold, as their farms are relatively cheaper. The main exception is when a sheep is isolated. In that case, their allies should pool gold to them, allowing the isolated sheep to build upgraded farms, which can significantly extend the time they can survive and increase their chances of escaping. Another reason to pool gold is after a rescue. By using the 'Give Ally Gold' ability ('G'), you can balance gold between yourself and your allies. You can also give all your gold to a single player by using the ability twice quickly. As with wolves, you can select a specific player's unit to transfer gold directly to them."
Tip8="Sheep Tag is all about positioning. Whether you're a sheep or a wolf, you must understand the other team's goal and what they want you to do. As a sheep, be aware that wolves are trying to isolate and contain you. You can prevent this by staying on the move. As a wolf, be aware that sheep are trying to keep their farm masses connected. You can stop them by holding cut lines."
Tip9="While wolves should focus on staying on the interior of a farm mass relative to the center of the map, they can use Mirror Images to harass the sheep's ability to expand. You can use Shift to queue up your wolf to cut a line of farms and control your image to move back and forth where the sheep are building or moving. Take care not to let the sheep trap your image!"
Tip10="Wolves have many items available, but only a few are viable for specific situations. The most common first item for wolves is usually Endurance Aura, as it provides a general buff that increases both attack speed and movement speed—critical for how quickly wolves can cut and hold lines. A quick Potion of Speed can also be very useful to chase down fleeing sheep!"
Tip11="Wolves are only slightly faster than sheep. While items can help close the gap, it's most effective not to simply follow the sheep but to move ahead to where the sheep are going and then attack. By angling your wolf, you take a shorter path, and your wolf is less likely to stutter their attacks."